# Package Vulnerability Management & Reporting Collaboration Space Kick-Off

> Date: Tuesday May 11th, 2021

### Attendees
- Wesley Todd (@wesleytodd)
- Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
- Dominykas BlyÅ¾Ä— (@dominykas)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
- Zbigniew Tenerowicz (@naugtur)
- Robin Ginn ()
- Tim Branyen (@tbranyen)

### Agenda

1. [**Code of Conduct** Acknowledgement](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/pkg-vuln-collab-space/blob/darcyclarke/initial-commit/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
1. Issue with Agenda - https://github.com/openjs-foundation/pkg-vuln-collab-space/issues/2
1. **Introductions**
    1. Everybody gave a short introduction to themselves and interest in the group.
1. Quick recap of the scope/proposal
1. Outline plan for the session
1. Assign action items and schedule next meeting

### Notes

#### 4. On Scope & Proposal
- @mhdawson high-level overview on what a Collab Space is: 
    - exist for groups that want to get together but aren't attributed to a single project
    - bring together folks that might not be regular members of the CPC or of a project
    - can work on products/projects that are useful to the wider ecosystem
    - foundation can offer support to these groups
    - meant to provide a vehicle for various constituents/special interest groups to come together
- @wesleytodd 
    - reporting, tooling
- @darcyclarke
    - Where should this live has been a question
    - These issues span more than just node or npm, so the foundation seems like a good fit

#### 5. Planning for OpenJS Session
- @wesleytodd
    - on size... we're okay w/ having `n` people on the panel
    - loose scheduling on the Q&A portion
    - We will try to schedule 2-3 times for differnt regions
- @darcyclarke
    - we want to be careful of calling folks out, we are not pointing fingers
- @naugtur
    - if we focus on redos, that is relatable and not focused on anyone in particular
- @mhdawson
    - another example is having to do a release despite it not applying


---


### Proposed OpenJS Agenda:

```markdown=
# OpenJS World Community Session - 30 min

> Day/Time:

### Agenda

1. **Introductions**
    2. Wesley Todd (@wesleytodd)
    3. Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
3. **Talk about proposal & intent** (ie. Who/What/Why/How)
    - Scope
    - Constituents
    - Collaborators 
4. **Talk about the problem space**
    - Types of CVEs (ex. ReDOS, prorotype pollution)
    - For security researchers
        - Do nothing (ignore)
        - Create a CVE
    - For maintainers
        - Do nothing (ignore)
        - Fix the "problem"
        - Cut a new release
    - For end-users/consumers
        - Do nothing (ignore)
        - Bug the maintainer
        - Fix the "problem" & submit a PR
    - Existing tools/actions to take by researchers, maintainers & end-users
        - Case Studies/Testimonials:
            - End-users: `npm-audit-resolver` project (@zb)
            - Maintainers: (@ljharb / @bcoe)?
            - Security Researchers: ...
5. **Next Steps & Actions**
6. **Interesting? Come & Join Us!**
```

---

### Actions

- [x] @robin to circle back to ensure the talk is scheduled properly & Wes/Darcy have given proper information for the website
- [ ] @wesleytodd to help coordinate/schedule Q&A timing for best coverage across timezones (OpenJS World)
- [ ] @darcyclarke to create a PR for the agenda proposal for the OpenJS World Panel Session
- [ ] @everyone canvas for other attendees/participants from diverse backgrounds for the OpenJS World session
- [ ] @wesleytodd to help get three testimonials/case studies
- [ ] @darcyclarke & @wesleytodd to edit down video/case studies
- [ ] @darcyclarke & @wesleytodd to circle back w/ Racheal about the the blog post
- [ ] ðŸ—“  @wesleytodd **Determine meeting cadence before conference!**
