Kick Off Meeting
===

:::info
- **Zoom:** https://zoom.us/j/94707914556
- **Date:** July 16, 2020
- **Attendees:**
    - Wes Todd (@wesleytodd) - Chair
    - Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
    - Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
    - Robin Ginn (@rginn)
    - Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
    - Dominykas Blyžė (@dominykas)
    - Jamie Slome (@JamieSlome)
    - Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
    - Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
    - Naugtur (@naugtur)
:::


- **Agenda**
1. Introductions
2. Discuss meeting time
    - Need new issue preferably not friday and a bit earlier
4. Establish scope 
6. Brainstorm Ideas
7. Take Aways & Next Steps


**Minutes:** 

The meeting was recorded and will be posted to the foundation's YouTube channel. 

The group did a round-robin of introductions, then discussed alternate meeting times to accomodate attendees across several timezones. The Chair will create a new Doodle poll to ensure we can accommodate others, particularly Liran, for whom this is a difficult time. 

The Chair emphasized the need to define a clear scope for the work. Discussion ensued as to whether the scope should focus on the JavaScript ecosystem or something more broadly applicable.

* Scope
    * Wes mentioned that it was suggested we should consider scope beyond just the JavaScript Ecosystem
    * Michael advocate with keeping the focus on the JS ecosystem with the the understanding that we would later test solutions against other ecosystems
    * Naughur suggested that JS community has biggest challenge on this front, and will be difficult to pull in all of the different ecosystems
    * Darcy, from discussions in GitHub would want to figure out additional metadata that goes along with CVEs. Would be good if we propose what additional info would be useful (could be JS specific to start). His team is going to propose schema for what maintainers could provide to go along with CVE. They have been ideating around the area for a while and want to do something sooner than later.
    * Wes, great to hear npm/github is prioritizing, this group should help fasciliate without ever getting in the way.
    * Wes where are CVEs being made visible
        * npm
        * synk
        * container scanners (often use OS info)
    * Naugtur should be independant

* Brainstorming ideas
  * We spent a while discussing different ideas

**Action Items:**
 * Start document on what tools report CVEs to customers
   * npm
   * snyk
   * container scanners (often use OS info)
 * Naugtur to contribute his schema as starting point to the repo
 * Darcy to share what he can from the discussions internal to github/npm 
 * Outreach
     * Find security researchers
     * People from company security people
         * from snyk, npm, netflix, rh/ibm?
